OCPBUGS-44632 Adding scoring strategy (#86820)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-scheduling-exact-based-on-reource.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cnf-changing-where-high-performance-workloads-run_{context}"]
= Changing where high-performance workloads run 

> The NUMA-aware secondary scheduler is responsible for scheduling high-performance workloads on a worker node and within a NUMA node where the workloads can be optimally processed. By default, the secondary scheduler assigns workloads to the NUMA node within the chosen worker node that has the highest amount of available resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NUMA-aware secondary scheduler is responsible for scheduling high-performance workloads on a worker node and within a NUMA node where the workloads can be optimally processed. By default, the secondary scheduler assigns workloads to the NUMA node within the chosen worker node that has the most available resources.
```

If you want to change where the workloads run, you can add the `scoringStrategy` setting to the `NUMAResourcesScheduler` custom resource and set its value to either `MostAllocated`  or `BalancedAllocation`.  

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

> . Delete the currently running `NUMAResourcesScheduler` resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the currently running `NUMAResourcesScheduler` resource by using the following steps:
```

numaresourcesscheduler   92m
----

.. Delete the secondary scheduler resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete NUMAResourcesScheduler numaresourcesscheduler
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
numaresourcesscheduler.nodetopology.openshift.io "numaresourcesscheduler" deleted
----

. Save the following YAML in the file `nro-scheduler-mostallocated.yaml`. This example changes the `scoringStrategy` to `MostAllocated`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nodetopology.openshift.io/v1
kind: NUMAResourcesScheduler
metadata:
  name: numaresourcesscheduler
spec:
  imageSpec: "registry.redhat.io/openshift4/noderesourcetopology-scheduler-container-rhel8:v{product-version}"
  scoringStrategy:
        type: "MostAllocated" <1>
----
<1> If the `scoringStrategy` configuration is omitted the default of `LeastAllocated` applies.

. Create the updated `NUMAResourcesScheduler` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f nro-scheduler-mostallocated.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
numaresourcesscheduler.nodetopology.openshift.io/numaresourcesscheduler created
----

.Verification

> . Check that the NUMA-aware scheduler was successfully deployed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check that the NUMA-aware scheduler was successfully deployed by using the following steps:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // *scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// * scalability_and_performance/cnf-numa-aware-scheduling.adoc
```

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cnf-changing-where-high-performance-workloads-run_{context}"]
= Changing where high-performance workloads run 

The NUMA-aware secondary scheduler is responsible for scheduling high-performance workloads on a worker node and within a NUMA node where the workloads can be optimally processed. By default, the secondary scheduler assigns workloads to the NUMA node within the chosen worker node that has the highest amount of available resources.

> If you want to change where the workloads run you can add the `scoringStrategy` to the `NUMAResourcesScheduler` custom resource and set it`s value to either `MostAllocated`  or `BalancedAllocation`. 

Reviewer 2: Add comma / drop apostrophe:
```suggestion
If you want to change where the workloads run, you can add the `scoringStrategy` setting to the `NUMAResourcesScheduler` custom resource and set its value to either `MostAllocated`  or `BalancedAllocation`. 
```
"setting" or "parameter" or "field" or whichever.

.Prerequisites

* Install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

.Procedure

. Delete the currently running `NUMAResourcesScheduler` resource:

.. Get the active `NUMAResourcesScheduler` by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get NUMAResourcesScheduler
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                     AGE
numaresourcesscheduler   92m
----

.. Delete the secondary scheduler resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete NUMAResourcesScheduler numaresourcesscheduler
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
numaresourcesscheduler.nodetopology.openshift.io "numaresourcesscheduler" deleted
----

. Save the following YAML in the file `nro-scheduler-mostallocated.yaml`. This example changes the `scoringStrategy` to `MostAllocated`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: nodetopology.openshift.io/v1
kind: NUMAResourcesScheduler
metadata:
  name: numaresourcesscheduler
spec:
  imageSpec: "registry.redhat.io/openshift4/noderesourcetopology-scheduler-container-rhel8:v{product-version}"
  scoringStrategy:
        type: "MostAllocated" <1>
----

> +

Reviewer 2: Can drop this, callouts work without:
```suggestion
```

> <1> If the `scoringStrategy` configuration is omitted the default of `LeastAllocated` applies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> If the `scoringStrategy` configuration is omitted, the default of `LeastAllocated` applies.
```

. Create the updated `NUMAResourcesScheduler` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f nro-scheduler-mostallocated.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
numaresourcesscheduler.nodetopology.openshift.io/numaresourcesscheduler created
----

> .Verification steps

Reviewer 2: Per [modular docs guide](https://github.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/blob/main/modular-docs-manual/files/TEMPLATE_PROCEDURE_doing-one-procedure.adoc?plain=1#L49):
```suggestion
.Verification
```

. Check that the NUMA-aware scheduler was successfully deployed:

> .. Run the following command to check that the CRD is created successfully:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Run the following command to check that the custom resource definition (CRD) is created successfully:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get crd | grep numaresourcesschedulers
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                              CREATED AT
numaresourcesschedulers.nodetopology.openshift.io                 2022-02-25T11:57:03Z
----

.. Check that the new custom scheduler is available by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get numaresourcesschedulers.nodetopology.openshift.io
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                     AGE
numaresourcesscheduler   3h26m
----

> . Verify that the `ScoringStrategy` has been applied correctly, by checking the relevant `ConfigMap` for the scheduler by running the following command: 

Reviewer 2: Drop comma / add "resource":

```suggestion
. Verify that the `ScoringStrategy` has been applied correctly by checking the relevant `ConfigMap` resource for the scheduler by running the following command: 
```
or maybe a slight rewrite to avoid multiple "by"s:

```suggestion
. Verify that the `ScoringStrategy` has been applied correctly by running the following command to check the relevant `ConfigMap` resource for the scheduler:
```
